# bundle_client

Bundle Profile API
- API version: 1.0
  - Build date: 2020-01-23T15:18:38.136+05:30[Asia/Calcutta]

MC product bundle profile


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.8+
2. Maven/Gradle

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.mastercard.developer</groupId>
  <artifactId>bundle_client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "com.mastercard.developer:bundle_client:1.0.0"
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/bundle_client-1.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`


## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.mastercard.com/bundle/profile*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*BundleProfileApi* | [**createUser**](docs/BundleProfileApi.md#createUser) | **POST** /users | Create Profile
*BundleProfileApi* | [**patchUser**](docs/BundleProfileApi.md#patchUser) | **POST** /users/{user_id}/patch | Partially Update Profile
*BundleProfileApi* | [**readUser**](docs/BundleProfileApi.md#readUser) | **GET** /users/{user_id} | Find User by Id


## Documentation for Models

 - [Account](docs/Account.md)
 - [Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [BundleUser](docs/BundleUser.md)
 - [BundleUserData](docs/BundleUserData.md)
 - [BundleUserPatch](docs/BundleUserPatch.md)
 - [BundleUserResponse](docs/BundleUserResponse.md)
 - [BundleUserResponseData](docs/BundleUserResponseData.md)
 - [BundleUserResponseErrors](docs/BundleUserResponseErrors.md)
 - [Consent](docs/Consent.md)
 - [Email](docs/Email.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Errors](docs/Errors.md)
 - [Identification](docs/Identification.md)
 - [Im](docs/Im.md)
 - [Name](docs/Name.md)
 - [PatchDocument](docs/PatchDocument.md)
 - [PatchDocumentValue](docs/PatchDocumentValue.md)
 - [PhoneNumber](docs/PhoneNumber.md)
 - [Photo](docs/Photo.md)
 - [User](docs/User.md)
 - [UserProduct](docs/UserProduct.md)
 - [UserProductResponse](docs/UserProductResponse.md)
 - [UserReadAccountResponse](docs/UserReadAccountResponse.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author

Digital_Enablement_Team_3@mastercard.com

Steps to run the application from command line

.Create a new project from Mastercard DevZone - stage.developer.mastercard.com or developer.mastercard.com

.Select "MastercardON" from Choose API dropdown and hit continue.

.Get Sandbox keys and store your .p12 certificate along with the readme/documentation. Place the .p12 file in the src/main/resources folder.

.Please save this Sandbox Keys, .p12, key store password and alias as you are going to use these to run the application.

.Clone this repository and set up as Maven project

.Update the following keys in application.properties file

mastercard.airport.ref.app.consumer.key: This can be found in the project you created on developerZone
mastercard.airport.ref.app.keystore.path: Path where you saved your certs i.e., .p12 file you received while creating a project
mastercard.airport.ref.app.keystore.password: This is the password you get with Sandbox cert.

Example:

mastercard.airport.ref.app.url = https://stage.developer.mastercard.com
mastercard.airport.ref.app.consumer.key = Abcdfefgjhilklmnopqrstuvwxyz-dxcq_zD7IiPa0df175e!22a7fddba56e800000000000000000
mastercard.airport.ref.app.keystore.path = C:\path\provided.p12
mastercard.airport.ref.app.keystore.password = pwd
mastercard.airport.ref.app.keystore.alias = alias

.Do a clean build either through IDE or command prompt, if you are doing it through command prompt then the below command should be executed in the directory which contains this repository's pom file Eg: mvn clean install

. Run the application using below command
   Eg: java -jar path of the Jar relative to the current directory/bundle_client-1.0.0.jar <argument>
   
   Argument: An argument which defines the feature user wants to run through command line. If you don't specify this argument, it will run all the features(createUser,ReadUser,UpdateUser(product,account)	) one after the other
   
   . createUser - Enroll User for all the products
   . readUser   - Get User enrolled for the products 
   . addProduct - add product to the enrolled user.
   . addAccount - add account to the enrolled user.
   . removeAccount - remove Account for a given user.
   . replaceAccount - replaceAccount for a given user
   . replaceUser - update the user deatils.
   
   
     
   
   




